Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
LG Stylo 5: Good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. How are things going
LG Stylo 5: I miss two meetings with you.
LG Stylo 5: I work at a cemetery here in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and they got me on call. So we've been burying. A lot of people here.
LG Stylo 5: And that's the reason I missed. And this week, my wife stuck a nail to her and take her to the hospital.
LG Stylo 5: Go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just you got to make sure that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You call in or reschedule or something.
There was
LG Stylo 5: This last one I had talked to him, I was like, maybe 15 delay.
LG Stylo 5: And he said he's gonna let you know. So I don't know if he did or not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would have to look I didn't get a direct message, but it doesn't mean that they didn't change it on my schedule.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on, let me
LG Stylo 5: And I'm sitting in my car right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you getting ready to go back into work or
LG Stylo 5: No, I just got out a while ago.
LG Stylo 5: I met a park. I was going to try to make it because they live far from where I work. So make it home, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of people, you know, when they get off work. They'll sit in in their vehicles for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To do the meeting, so that there on time so no worries. It's fine. Don't have to be at home, you know, to me, wherever you can get internet service and make your meeting is perfectly fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, how are things going
LG Stylo 5: Good. I'm doing good.
LG Stylo 5: I missed a meeting with Chris. Nice. Nice big called Big baller was like six
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And did you call them.
LG Stylo 5: I don't know if they let them know or not, but
LG Stylo 5: I didn't get my Suboxone so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah yeah, they probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Didn't it's I understand the job thing and that you've got to be there for that but you know this too is you got to be there for this to you know
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't be missing your appointment and then still I still thinking that you know he's going to give you meds because he won't until you start engaging and treatment. It puts you in high risk, you know,
LG Stylo 5: Right. Nope. I talked to him right now the crime, talk to you and he told me to call back and get back with them and then reschedule a meeting, I guess, sometime maybe tomorrow or whenever he could so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you if you're in group tomorrow.
LG Stylo 5: What's that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you in group tomorrow.
LG Stylo 5: No, I haven't been on Wednesdays ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because Chris and I do agree on Fridays. That's why I was asking. I don't remember you being there. So that's why I was wondering
LG Stylo 5: No.
LG Stylo 5: Wednesday. There's another lady I forget her name.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is Dominique when I hear
When I hear
LG Stylo 5: There you go. I think that's her, I'm not sure I'm bad at names.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, so tell me what's been happening. The last couple weeks.
LG Stylo 5: No, I'm doing good. Other than working
LG Stylo 5: And
LG Stylo 5: I'm doing good.
LG Stylo 5: I'm sorry, I missed the meetings with you, but I didn't want to miss this one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, try to if you're going to miss try to get them to reschedule you when you call in. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and it has to be every other day. It's any other day except for the day that you're a group because you can't do two things at once your insurance won't cover it. So you want to make sure that it's an
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Off day from your group. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That way you continually. That way you stay in compliance and you get your medication and don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: miss it. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important. How's your head been
LG Stylo 5: Good, I guess.
LG Stylo 5: It's just, everything's getting crazy out here. They this area, they made it a lot or whatever you're not wearing a master going to give you a ticket. And then from there, though I just find you and
LG Stylo 5: So, but at work. We got to do that anyway but going into the stores here in Albuquerque, New Mexico. You got to do all that knowledge started Saturday.
LG Stylo 5: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, I've been like that here.
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you can't go into. So I'm asking
LG Stylo 5: Right. It wasn't that bad here. No, it's game, I guess, I don't know. That's according to the news anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just kind of catching up with the rest of us.
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it in
LG Stylo 5: My head that messes up my head, Rebecca, you know, because you go out to the store, wherever you go. I mean, I work over there.
LG Stylo 5: And it's just crazy because like when we're at work, we bury the people and before they we could we would bury them we drop the coffin while they're right there and how they got to get in their cars before we even get close to the coffin or anything like that. Now, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow, makes it different difficult
LG Stylo 5: Right, and then you know I trip on and all. Everything you touch you don't know. You don't know what you're touching. I got hands on died in the car. I don't know if it works.
LG Stylo 5: It's crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got gloves anywhere.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, we got to where they gave us latex gloves. Every morning regarding
LG Stylo 5: This issue to smash there and everything, but we already got some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, yeah. You just got to do the best to protect yourself. You know what I mean. And it's a weird time right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it's about being protected so that you don't go take anything home to give to your family.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So think about it in that those terms.
LG Stylo 5: We got three little ones at home. We got a five month old three year old and a four year old.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to keep them protected.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. This it, you know, putting a mask on and putting these gloves on, is protecting them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's what's important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So just remember that when you get frustrated because of these masks that you can't breathe on or these gloves that making your hands wet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just remember that. That's what it's about. It's about protecting those babies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, how's your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any triggers any issues going on in there any anxiety.
LG Stylo 5: Starts fishing out some time that I want to get. I know that ain't gonna work. So it goes away after a while I take my Suboxone and I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And is there any time that you have not been able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To offset it with either taking your Suboxone or getting out of your head or has that been working for you all the time.
LG Stylo 5: That works for me because, you know, I already know by because I guy ain't gonna lie, I'm a P. Once I started fixing heroin. I will stop. So I already know I am been like that with drug all my life.
LG Stylo 5: So I know I won't work. I'll end up in prison. And again, you know, start robbing and same bullshit. I went through all my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no good.
LG Stylo 5: It's too nice out here to miss everything up. You know, I got my family, my wife.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: grandbabies
LG Stylo 5: Right.
job for you.
LG Stylo 5: Know I have four years old now and August. So that's, that's a goal for me.
His
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hand, how long I'm sober.
LG Stylo 5: Well, I have
LG Stylo 5: The last time. My pics heroin was like June 3 the prison and I got rid of my surrender. I haven't done it since I started taking Suboxone in there that's, that's where I started the Suboxone in prison. I was in Hazleton Virginia on the USB there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah,
So,
LG Stylo 5: It's already been a little over four years because I got on.
LG Stylo 5: August 12 of 16 so
I was
LG Stylo 5: out of prison but I got high in there. The, the day I left on Suboxone
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I keep using it and my beautiful me on the program out here.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Regulation, are you still on probation.
LG Stylo 5: Know they took me off.
LG Stylo 5: I've been off like five months. They even took me up early, because I was supposed to find all that
LG Stylo 5: April 20
LG Stylo 5: Wow. It took me like five months. I never gave him a dirty nothing I've been doing good.
LG Stylo 5: Work, you know, this time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm busy.
LG Stylo 5: She's been all that she see all that into
LG Stylo 5: The she followed the motion. She told me to call my lawyer that I had on the gun charges and
LG Stylo 5: She filed a motion and they they branded it so it all worked out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you've got you've got time under your belt, though, that's the thing. So no matter what. Don't let those thoughts get, you know, overcome. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Did you get an opportunity to look into online meetings.
LG Stylo 5: What's that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you get an opportunity to look at online. A or na meetings.
LG Stylo 5: No, I didn't even they, what are they called I didn't do it. I didn't do it, but I'll, I'll get on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The last time you and I talked to you said that you were you agreed that you would do it. You would look into it and check it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Will you still do that for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
LG Stylo 5: I'll do that for you know I ain't gonna do. I didn't do it. I haven't done that I've been working and all that and
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, that that's not an excuse. I know all do it on our next meeting. I'll let you know.
LG Stylo 5: What in
LG Stylo 5: There.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's any stuff.org
LG Stylo 5: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And a stuff na stuff dot.org I can't speak on virtual na meetings is what you're looking for. And the amazing part about it is that you can go to that website and go to a meeting in a different country.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you want to run
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's pretty amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and go, go to a meeting in a different state, you can go to a meeting in in Good lord, any place that you want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which I think is pretty fascinating. You know,
But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, it's about checking it out and having that resource available when you're when you're stressed out in your thoughts are getting the best of you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: you login you go to meeting you sit in a quiet place you listen to what's going on, or you share and talk but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It gives you an outlet. You know what I mean. It gives you that support that you need to help you get through in a stressful times or any triggers in your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
LG Stylo 5: Y'all do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, we, I remember we talked about, you know, because of your area where you live. There's a lot of people you know that you knew that we're using that one sober that we're going to meetings. This is an alternative way to avoid that.
LG Stylo 5: Right. Yeah, well, like when I won the meetings with Chris. A lot of them are from here from New Mexico, and I know a couple of the guys that are on there. I mean, I didn't say nothing to them, but I'm sure they see me there too. Yeah, I mean, but
Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: You know, I wasn't a halfway house with one of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
LG Stylo 5: I didn't, I didn't know the prison. No, but he was a prison somewhere in the feds
LG Stylo 5: But I met him at the halfway house. We were there together for a while.
LG Stylo 5: Pretty amazing, right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. To see where you both are at and what you're both doing
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of amazing all
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything else going on.
LG Stylo 5: No, I'm doing good. Good.
LG Stylo 5: I tried to work out. And if that helps a stressed out. And I did that for years in there anyone that was stressed out in there and the cops are always on boosted and everybody else was bullshit. So
LG Stylo 5: Zone out and do that. I still do it out here or not.
LG Stylo 5: When I got the time. Yeah, but I do it, I try to do it every day. It helps me sleep better, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Keep up the good work you're doing an awesome job.
LG Stylo 5: Right. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything else that you're struggling with, and I can help you with
LG Stylo 5: No. No, really. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we have a standing appointment on Thursdays. It's at six o'clock so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can't make it, but you need to try to make it. I don't care if you have to do it this way in your car, it's totally fine. But you want to try to come as much as possible. Make it. You know what I mean. And if you can't call them. You know what I mean. And tell them you need to reschedule. Okay.
Okay.
LG Stylo 5: Now to reschedule with Crystal I'm going to call him after the meeting that way. I could see maybe they could give me my Suboxone not I could waiting on him really nothing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I just messaged him and told him that you were here for your meeting so I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to email him to because it looks like he's not even online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that way he can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No problem. I see refills, I need to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Write a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Danielle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Danielle. Hold on one second.
LG Stylo 5: How's everything in California, getting crazy or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Away. It's been like that here. Um,
LG Stylo 5: No, I know. I see the news.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm pretty secluded
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, that's a good thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I put it in all the areas that it needed to so that he can get your medication refilled for you. Okay.
LG Stylo 5: So they sent me a message or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What they will they should
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your pharmacy should send you a message. The minute that your medication is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is there.
LG Stylo 5: Okay, yeah, I can always call because I do it a ball green so
LG Stylo 5: It's a pair by the House.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see him script refills, got it, got it, got it. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just want to make sure that I had it in there in the right place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So she can't make it today due to were
LG Stylo 5: A DOG BARKING or you could hear the dogs.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A dog park, you have a dog.
LG Stylo 5: No I don't got a dog. But there's people around here with dogs.
LG Stylo 5: This is not possible. It's more secluded in the Navy. But there's a lot of people right now they're coming in bringing their dogs, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a
Home.
LG Stylo 5: Park here because that would have made it to the House.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's totally fine. You did good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, no big deal. Okay, well I'm gonna let you go and get home and just check out, go into into na stuff.org and get your butt into a meeting and start getting acclimated in that extra support for you whenever you're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In therapy or whenever you're not in groups and stuff. Okay. We do that for me.
LG Stylo 5: Yo, do it in a dot star.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And a stuff.
LG Stylo 5: And they stopped.org yes.org ok
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can just do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you don't remember that. Just go to na meetings online. Your wife will know if she your wife will know what to look for. Okay.
LG Stylo 5: Yes.
LG Stylo 5: She does. She does all that she's
LG Stylo 5: She's more smart on the phone and I am, that's for sure.
LG Stylo 5: I'll be here next week, I'll be here for sure. I can't be missing this I need, I need this. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah, don't monitor your groups in your meetings and stuff and for your mining yours whenever it's a check in. So if everything is working and and there's no issues that you need to discuss
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then we can go in and come right out, you know, within 15 to 20 to 30 minutes. We don't have to stay for an hour. That way you can continue on with your schedule. Okay.
LG Stylo 5: Okay, that'll work. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have a great week and weekend and I will see you next Thursday at six o'clock. Okay.
LG Stylo 5: For sure. Thank you, Rebecca, you have a good day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you too. Bye.
LG Stylo 5: Bye.